If the RNA/DNA has been pooled before sequencing, you need to create a
virtual sample composed of all the different samples that were pooled.
For this, you need to edit the [**Checklist_ENA-virtual_sample.tsv**](https://github.com/ERGA-consortium/ERGA-submission/blob/main/virtual_samples/Checklist_ENA-virtual_sample.tsv) file. The
information currently there corrsponds to the qqGluDors example, so
you\'ll need to replace the different fields with the correct
information for your genome.

Once you have completed the tsv file, you need to login in the Webin
page and do the submission of the tsv file as shown in the following
Screen Captions:

 

1.  Login to
    [[https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/submit/webin/login]{.underline}](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/submit/webin/login)
    with our account

 

![2; ebi.ac.uk/ena/submit/webin/login Bookmarks AAT Assembly Tra\...
Data Portal G Gmail O YouTube Maps AAT Meetings - Do A EMBL-EBI Login
Services Research Training O About us ENA Webin Submissions Portal
Support Todos los marcadores EMBL-EBI Logout (Webin-1543) Welcome to the
Webin submission Portal. To submit human data requiring controlled
access please log in using EGA credentials. You can use this service for
a range of submission activities as well as reports on your submissions.
Please upgrade to Webin-CLl version 7.0.1 or later if you see the
following error: Failed to initialise validator. Could not retrieve
Biosample. Please provide your Webin credentials Webin-1543 Login
Register Forgot Password ? EMBL-EBI is the home for big data in biology.
We help scientists exploit complex information to make discoveries that
benefit humankind. SERVICES RESEARCH TRAINING INDUSTRY Manage Account g
ABOUT ](./media/image2.png)

 

2.  Click Register Sample:

 

![familiarise yourself with the different submission interfaces and what
can be submitted through each by reading our General Guide on ENA Data
Submission.All users are advised to take a moment to understand the ENA
Metadata Model. You may also like to review how the release of data is
managed in our Data Release FAQ. A dedicated submission API for COVID-19
genomes is available here. Data ANALYSIS EXPERIMENT Register Samples
Register Novel Taxonomy Submit XMLs (advanced) RUN SAMPLE Biomaterial
Samples Register Study Studies (Projects) Studies Report Samples Report
Submit XMLs (advanced) ](./media/image3.png)

 

3\. Upload filled spreadsheet to register sample. Select the tsv file
you just generated and \"CNAG\" as center

 

![Download spreadsheet to register samples Upload filled spreadsheet to
register samples If you have downloaded and filled a template
spreadsheet please upload it using the Submit Completed Spreadsheet
button. Please note that only spreadsheets in tab-delimited text format
are supported (with either .tsv or .tab extensions). If you edited the
spreadsheet in Microsoft Excel (or equivalent) please save the
spreadsheet as Text (Tab delimited). To do this please see these
instructions. CNAG Submit Completed Spreadsheet Mngün archivo
seleccionado EMBL-EBI is the home for big data in biology. We help
scientists exploit complex information to
](./media/image4.png)

 

4\. You will see an status message. If it failed, it will tell you the
reason, if it succeeded, it will give you the accession numbers:

 

![ENA Webin Submissions Portal Support Download accessions Manage
Account g Logout (Webin-1 543) = Register Samples using spreadsheet
template Download spreadsheet to register samples Upload filled
spreadsheet to register samples If you have downloaded and filled a
template spreadsh Please note that only spreadsheets in tab-delimited
text as Text (Tab delimited). To do this please see these instr
Submission result The submission was successful. Show receipt XML
Download receipt XML Type Sample Submission Close Accession ERS20237633
ERA30599070 Unique name (alias) ena-SUBMlSSlON-TAB-12-06-2024- CNAG
Submit Completed Spreadsheet Items per page: Oof O EMBL-EBI is the home
for big data in biology. We make discoveries that benefit humankind.
This website requires cookies, and the limited processing of your
personal data in order to function. By using the site oft Excel (or
equivalent) please save the spreadsheet I agree, dismiss this banner
](./media/image5.png)

 
